docs: Add distributed tracing for RPC in Cloudflare (#17541)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/distributed-tracing/how-to-use/javascript.cloudflare.mdx

The Sentry Cloudflare SDK automatically propagates traces for incoming and outgoing HTTP requests if you've setup the SDK to send traces.

For RPC calls within Cloudflare (Worker-to-Durable Object, Worker-to-Worker via service bindings), trace propagation must be explicitly enabled. See [RPC Trace Propagation](#rpc-trace-propagation) below.

### RPC Trace Propagation

> <AvailableSince version="10.51.0" />

Author: in 10.52.0 we also support RPC trace propagation in WorkerEntrypoints. By just setting it to this version includes this one too OOTB

```suggestion
<AvailableSince version="10.52.0" />
```

  RPC trace propagation requires instrumenting the environment bindings, which adds overhead to every RPC call. Only enable this option if you need distributed tracing across service boundaries.
</Alert>

**Worker Side (Caller):**

```typescript
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/cloudflare";

export default Sentry.withSentry(
  (env) => ({
    dsn: env.SENTRY_DSN,
    tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
    enableRpcTracePropagation: true,
  }),
  {
    async fetch(request, env, ctx) {
      const id = env.MY_DURABLE_OBJECT.idFromName("test");
      const stub = env.MY_DURABLE_OBJECT.get(id);

      // This RPC call will now propagate trace context
      const result = await stub.sayHello("World");

      return new Response(result);
    },
  }
);
```

**Durable Object Side (Receiver):**

```typescript
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/cloudflare";

class MyDurableObjectBase extends DurableObject<Env> {
  sayHello(name: string): string {
    return `Hello, ${name}!`;
  }
}

export const MyDurableObject = Sentry.instrumentDurableObjectWithSentry(
  (env: Env) => ({
    dsn: env.SENTRY_DSN,
    tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
    enableRpcTracePropagation: true,
  }),
  MyDurableObjectBase
);
```

> The SDK appends trace data (`sentry-trace` and `baggage`) as a trailing argument object to every RPC call. On the receiving side, this argument is stripped before your method is invoked, so it's completely transparent to your code.

Reviewer: A small rewording suggestion and being more clear on what "transparent" means here.
```suggestion
The SDK propagates trace context (`sentry-trace` and `baggage`) by appending a trailing argument to outgoing RPC calls. The receiving SDK automatically strips it before your method is executed. Your method signatures are unaffected.
```

<Alert>

>   If the receiver is not instrumented with Sentry (or `enableRpcTracePropagation` is not enabled), the trailing trace argument will remain in the args array. This is usually harmless unless your method uses rest parameters (`...args`).

Reviewer: We could be more precise here by mentioning when it's harmless vs when it's a problem.
```suggestion
  If the receiving Worker is not instrumented with Sentry (or `enableRpcTracePropagation` is not enabled), the trailing trace argument won't be stripped and will be passed through to your method. This is harmless for methods with fixed parameter lists, but may cause unexpected behavior if your method relies on rest parameters `(...args)` or `arguments.length`.
```
